Tutorials at The 2020 Joint Conference on AI Music Creativity will be scheduled on Oct. 19. Each one will be hosted by the organizers of accepted proposals, e.g., as a zoom presentation with breakout rooms, etc. 

The conference has a rolling submission of tutorial proposals until five tutorials have been accepted. Please send a 1-page description of your tutorial to the tutorial chair [Iris Ren](mailto:y.ren@uu.nl).

# Accepted tutorials

1. Samuel Hunt (UWE Bristol, UK): This tutorial introduces participants to the [Interactive Generative Music Environment (IGME)](http://samhunt.panel.uwe.ac.uk/) and demonstrates the ease at which generative music compositions can be created, without domain specific knowledge of either generative music or programming constructs. IGME attempts to bridge the gap between generative music theory and accessible music sequencing software, through an easy to use score editing (or piano roll) interface. IGME is available free of charge and works on Windows and Mac OS. It is hoped that participants will learn about generative music so that they understand how to utilize them in their own composition practice. 
2. Bob L. T. Sturm (KTH, Sweden): This tutorial introduces participants to AI-generated folk music through practice. Two AI-generated folk tunes will be taught aurally and discussed. Participants should be comfortable with their musical instrument of choice and be able to learn by ear (but music notation will be provided). The two tunes will be taught gradually by repeating small phrases and combining them to form the parts. Sturm will lead the session with his accordion.
